Enable this option for chamber temperature control. An M191 command will be added before \machine_start_gcode\\nG-code commands: M141/M191 S(0-255),
print temperature of build plate,
initial layer temperature of build plate,
Activate for better air filtration. G-code command: M106 P3 S(0-255),
Speed of exhuast fan during printing.This speed will overwrite the speed in filament custom gcode,
Speed of exhuast fan after printing completes,
Speed used at the very beginning of loading phase.,
Speed used for loading the filament on the wipe tower.,
Speed used for unloading the tip of the filament immediately after ramming.,
Speed used for unloading the filament on the wipe tower (does not affect  initial part of unloading just after ramming).,
Time for the printer firmware (or the Multi Material Unit 2.0) to load a new filament during a tool change (when executing the T code). This time is added to the total print time by the G-code time estimator.,
Time for the printer firmware (or the Multi Material Unit 2.0) to unload a filament during a tool change (when executing the T code). This time is added to the total print time by the G-code time estimator.,
Time to wait after the filament is unloaded. May help to get reliable toolchanges with flexible materials that may need more time to shrink to original dimensions.,
Filament is cooled by being moved back and forth in the cooling tubes. Specify desired number of these moves.,
Cooling moves are gradually accelerating beginning at this speed.,
Cooling moves are gradually accelerating towards this speed.,
This string is edited by RammingDialog and contains ramming specific parameters.,
Klipper's max_accel_to_decel will be adjusted automatically,
Klipper's max_accel_to_decel will be adjusted to this % of acceleration,
Speed of auxiliary part cooling fan. Auxiliary fan will run at this speed during printing except the first several layers which is defined by no cooling layers,
Enable this option if machine has auxiliary part cooling fan,
Unprintable area in XY plane. For example, X1 Series printers use the front left corner to cut filament during filament change. The area is expressed as polygon by points in following format: \XxY, XxY, ...\,
Do not recommend bed temperature of other layer to be lower than initial layer for more than this threshold. Too low bed temperature of other layer may cause the model broken free from build plate,
This G-code is inserted at every layer change before lifting z,
This is the number of solid layers of bottom shell, including the bottom surface layer. When the thickness calculated by this value is thinner than bottom shell thickness, the bottom shell layers will be increased,
The number of bottom solid layers is increased when slicing if the thickness calculated by bottom shell layers is thinner than this value. This can avoid having too thin shell when layer height is small. 0 means that this setting is disabled and thickness of bottom shell is absolutely determained by bottom shell layers,
This factor affects the amount of material for bottom solid infill,
Line pattern of bottom surface infill, not bridge infill,
Acceleration of bridges. If the value is expressed as a percentage (e.g. 50%), it will be calculated based on the outer wall acceleration.,
Bridging angle override. If left to zero, the bridging angle will be calculated automatically. Otherwise the provided angle will be used for external bridges. Use 180 for zero angle.,
Density of external bridges. 100% means solid bridge. Default is 100%.,
Decrease this value slightly(for example 0.9) to reduce the amount of material for bridge, to improve sag,
Don't support the whole bridge area which make support very large. Bridge usually can be printing directly without support if not very long,
Speed of bridge and completely overhang wall,
A gap between innermost brim line and object can make brim be removed more easily,
This controls the generation of the brim at outer and/or inner side of models. Auto means the brim width is analysed and calculated automatically.,
Distance from model to the outermost brim line,
Target chamber temperature,
This gcode is inserted when change filament, including T command to trigger tool change,
Close all cooling fan for the first certain layers. Cooling fan of the first layer used to be closed to get better build plate adhesion,
Bed temperature for layers except the initial one. Value 0 means the filament does not support to print on the Cool Plate,
Bed temperature of the initial layer. Value 0 means the filament does not support to print on the Cool Plate,
Bed types supported by the printer,
The default acceleration of both normal printing and travel except initial layer,
Default filament color,
Default filament profile when switch to this machine profile,
Default,
Default process profile when switch to this machine profile,
Speed for reloading filament into extruder. Zero means same speed with retraction,
This option will auto detect narrow internal solid infill area. If enabled, concentric pattern will be used for the area to speed printing up. Otherwise, rectilinear pattern is used defaultly.,
Detect the overhang percentage relative to line width and use different speed to print. For 100%% overhang, bridge speed is used.,
Detect thin wall which can't contain two line width. And use single line to print. Maybe printed not very well, because it's not closed loop,
Shrink the initial layer on build plate to compensate for elephant foot effect,
Enable this to get a G-code file which has G2 and G3 moves. And the fitting tolerance is same with resolution,
Enable this option to optimize part cooling fan speed for overhang and bridge to get better cooling,
Enable this option to slow printing down for different overhang degree,
Enable pressure advance, auto calibration result will be overwriten once enabled.,
The wiping tower can be used to clean up the residue on the nozzle and stabilize the chamber pressure inside the nozzle, in order to avoid appearance defects when printing objects.,
Enable support generation.,
,
Bed temperature for layers except the initial one. Value 0 means the filament does not support to print on the Engineering Plate,
Bed temperature of the initial layer. Value 0 means the filament does not support to print on the Engineering Plate,
Add solid infill near sloping surfaces to guarantee the vertical shell thickness (top+bottom solid layers),
Enable this option to add EXCLUDE OBJECT command in g-code,
Distance of the nozzle tip to the lid. Used for collision avoidance in by-object printing.,
Distance of the nozzle tip to the lower rod. Used for collision avoidance in by-object printing.,
Clearance radius around extruder. Used for collision avoidance in by-object printing.,
Only used as a visual help on UI,
Part cooling fan will be enabled for layers of which estimated time is shorter than this value. Fan speed is interpolated between the minimum and maximum fan speeds according to layer printing time,
Emit a max fan speed command for this amount of seconds before reducing to target speed to kick-start the cooling fan.\nThis is useful for fans where a low PWM/power may be insufficient to get the fan started spinning from a stop, or to get the fan up to speed faster.\nSet to 0 to deactivate.,
Part cooling fan speed may be increased when auto cooling is enabled. This is the maximum speed limitation of part cooling fan,
Minimum speed for part cooling fan,
Will only take into account the delay for the cooling of overhangs.,
Start the fan this number of seconds earlier than its target start time (you can use fractional seconds). It assumes infinite acceleration for this time estimation, and will only take into account G1 and G0 moves (arc fitting is unsupported).\nIt won't move fan comands from custom gcodes (they act as a sort of 'barrier').\nIt won't move fan comands into the start gcode if the 'only custom start gcode' is activated.\nUse 0 to deactivate.,
Filament price. For statistics only,
Filament density. For statistics only,
Filament diameter is used to calculate extrusion in gcode, so it's important and should be accurate,
End G-code when finish the printing of this filament,
The material may have volumetric change after switching between molten state and crystalline state. This setting changes all extrusion flow of this filament in gcode proportionally. Recommended value range is between 0.95 and 1.05. Maybe you can tune this value to get nice flat surface when there has slight overflow or underflow,
Support material is commonly used to print support and support interface,
This setting stands for how much volume of filament can be melted and extruded per second. Printing speed is limited by max volumetric speed, in case of too high and unreasonable speed setting. Can't be zero,
After a tool change, the exact position of the newly loaded filament inside the nozzle may not be known, and the filament pressure is likely not yet stable. Before purging the print head into an infill or a sacrificial object, Slic3r will always prime this amount of material into the wipe tower to produce successive infill or sacrificial object extrusions reliably.,
The length of fast retraction before wipe, relative to retraction length,
When the retraction is compensated after the travel move, the extruder will push this additional amount of filament. This setting is rarely needed.,
Force a retraction when changes layer,
Some amount of material in extruder is pulled back to avoid ooze during long travel. Set zero to disable retraction,
Only trigger retraction when the travel distance is longer than this threshold,
Speed of retractions,
Enter the shrinkage percentage that the filament will get after cooling (94% if you measure 94mm instead of 100mm). The part will be scaled in xy to compensate. Only the filament used for the perimeter is taken into account.\nBe sure to allow enough space between objects, as this compensation is done after the checks.,
Soluble material is commonly used to print support and support interface,
Start G-code when start the printing of this filament,
The material type of filament,
Move nozzle along the last extrusion path when retracting to clean leaked material on nozzle. This can minimize blob when print new part after travel,
Discribe how long the nozzle will move along the last path when retracting,
Whenever the retraction is done, the nozzle is lifted a little to create clearance between nozzle and the print. It prevents nozzle from hitting the print when travel move. Using spiral line to lift z can prevent stringing,
Z hop type,
User can self-define the project file name when export,
Filter out gaps smaller than the threshold specified. This setting won't affact top/bottom layers,
Purging after filament change will be done inside objects' infills. This may lower the amount of waste and decrease the print time. If the walls are printed with transparent filament, the mixed color infill will be seen outside. It will not take effect, unless the prime tower is enabled.,
This object will be used to purge the nozzle after a filament change to save filament and decrease the print time. Colours of the objects will be mixed as a result. It will not take effect, unless the prime tower is enabled.,
Purging after filament change will be done inside objects' support. This may lower the amount of waste and decrease the print time. It will not take effect, unless the prime tower is enabled.,
The actual flushing volumes is equal to the flush multiplier multiplied by the flushing volumes in the table.,
Fan speed will be ramped up linearly from zero at layer \close_fan_the_first_x_layers\ to maximum at layer \full_fan_speed_layer\. \full_fan_speed_layer\ will be ignored if lower than \close_fan_the_first_x_layers\, in which case the fan will be running at maximum allowed speed at layer \close_fan_the_first_x_layers\ + 1.,
Randomly jitter while printing the wall, so that the surface has a rough look. This setting controls the fuzzy position,
The average diatance between the random points introducded on each line segment,
The width within which to jitter. It's adversed to be below outer wall line width,
Speed of gap infill. Gap usually has irregular line width and should be printed more slowly,
Enable this to add line number(Nx) at the beginning of each G-Code line,
Enable this to get a commented G-code file, with each line explained by a descriptive text. If you print from SD card, the additional weight of the file could make your firmware slow down.,
What kind of gcode the printer is compatible with,
Enable this to add comments into the G-Code labeling print moves with what object they belong to, which is useful for the Octoprint CancelObject plugin. This settings is NOT compatible with Single Extruder Multi Material setup and Wipe into Object / Wipe into Infill.,
Slic3r can upload G-code files to a printer host. This field must contain the kind of the host.,
Bed temperature for layers except the initial one. Value 0 means the filament does not support to print on the High Temp Plate,
Bed temperature of the initial layer. Value 0 means the filament does not support to print on the High Temp Plate,
Support layer uses layer height independent with object layer. This is to support customizing z-gap and save print time.This option will be invalid when the prime tower is enabled.,
Automatically Combine sparse infill of several layers to print together to reduce time. Wall is still printed with original layer height.,
Angle for sparse infill pattern, which controls the start or main direction of line,
Jerk for infill,
Infill area is enlarged slightly to overlap with wall for better bonding. The percentage value is relative to line width of sparse infill,
Name of parent profile,
Acceleration of initial layer. Using a lower value can improve build plate adhensive,
Speed of solid infill part of initial layer,
Jerk for initial layer,
Line width of initial layer,
Height of initial layer. Making initial layer height to be thick slightly can improve build plate adhension,
Speed of initial layer except the solid infill part,
Travel speed of initial layer,
Acceleration of inner walls,
Jerk of inner walls,
Line width of inner wall,
Speed of inner wall,
Force the generation of solid shells between adjacent materials/volumes. Useful for multi-extruder prints with translucent materials or manual soluble support material,
If enabled, Studio will generate support loops under the contours of internal bridges.These support loops could prevent internal bridges from extruding over the air and improve the top surface quality, especially when the sparse infill density is low.This value determines the thickness of the support loops. 0 means disable this feature,
Acceleration of internal solid infill. If the value is expressed as a percentage (e.g. 100%), it will be calculated based on the default acceleration.,
Line width of internal solid infill,
Speed of internal solid infill, not the top and bottom surface,
The amount of material to extrude during ironing. Relative to flow of normal layer height. Too high value results in overextrusion on the surface,
The distance between the lines of ironing,
Print speed of ironing lines,
Ironing is using small flow to print on same height of surface again to make flat surface more smooth. This setting controls which layer being ironed,
This gcode part is inserted at every layer change after lift z,
Slicing height for each layer. Smaller layer height means more accurate and more printing time,
Default line width if some line width is set to be zero,
End G-code when finish the whole printing,
Time to load new filament when switch filament. For statistics only,
Maximum acceleration of the E axis,
Maximum acceleration for extruding (M204 P),
Maximum acceleration for retracting (M204 R),
Maximum acceleration for travel (M204 T),
Maximum acceleration of the X axis,
Maximum acceleration of the Y axis,
Maximum acceleration of the Z axis,
Maximum jerk of the E axis,
Maximum jerk of the X axis,
Maximum jerk of the Y axis,
Maximum jerk of the Z axis,
Maximum speed of E axis,
Maximum speed of X axis,
Maximum speed of Y axis,
Maximum speed of Z axis,
Minimum speed for extruding (M205 S),
Minimum travel speed (M205 T),
This G-code will be used as a code for the pause print. User can insert pause G-code in gcode viewer,
Start G-code when start the whole printing,
Time to unload old filament when switch filament. For statistics only,
Max length of bridges that don't need support. Set it to 0 if you want all bridges to be supported, and set it to a very large value if you don't want any bridges to be supported.,
The largest printable layer height for extruder. Used tp limits the maximum layer hight when enable adaptive layer height,
Maximum detour distance for avoiding crossing wall. Don't detour if the detour distance is large than this value. Detour length could be specified either as an absolute value or as percentage (for example 50%) of a direct travel path. Zero to disable,
Width of the wall that will replace thin features (according to the Minimum feature size) of the model. If the Minimum wall width is thinner than the thickness of the feature, the wall will become as thick as the feature itself. It's expressed as a percentage over nozzle diameter,
Minimum thickness of thin features. Model features that are thinner than this value will not be printed, while features thicker than the Minimum feature size will be widened to the Minimum wall width. It's expressed as a percentage over nozzle diameter,
The lowest printable layer height for extruder. Used tp limits the minimum layer hight when enable adaptive layer height,
Sparse infill area which is smaller than threshold value is replaced by internal solid infill,
Diameter of nozzle,
The nozzle's hardness. Zero means no checking for nozzle's hardness during slicing.,
Nozzle temperature for layers after the initial one,
Nozzle temperature to print initial layer when using this filament,
The metallic material of nozzle. This determines the abrasive resistance of nozzle, and what kind of filament can be printed,
Volume of nozzle between the cutter and the end of nozzle,
Use only one wall on first layer, to give more space to the bottom infill pattern,
Use only one wall on flat top surface, to give more space to the top infill pattern,
Acceleration of outer wall. Using a lower value can improve quality,
Jerk of outer walls,
Line width of outer wall,
Speed of outer wall which is outermost and visible. It's used to be slower than inner wall speed to get better quality.,
Force part cooling fan to be this speed when printing bridge or overhang wall which has large overhang degree. Forcing cooling for overhang and bridge can get better quality for these part,
Force cooling fan to be specific speed when overhang degree of printed part exceeds this value. Expressed as percentage which indicides how much width of the line without support from lower layer. 0% means forcing cooling for all outer wall no matter how much overhang degree,
Enable this option to use classic mode,
If you want to process the output G-code through custom scripts, just list their absolute paths here. Separate multiple scripts with a semicolon. Scripts will be passed the absolute path to the G-code file as the first argument, and they can access the Slic3r config settings by reading environment variables.,
Improve shell precision by adjusting outer wall spacing. This also improves layer consistency.,
Names of presets related to the physical printer,
Pressure advance(Klipper) AKA Linear advance factor(Marlin),
Brim width,
Width of prime tower,
The volume of material to prime extruder on tower.,
Slic3r can upload G-code files to a printer host. This field should contain the hostname, IP address or URL of the printer host instance. Print host behind HAProxy with basic auth enabled can be accessed by putting the user name and password into the URL in the following format: https://username:password@your-octopi-address/,
Specify the URL of your device user interface if it's not same as print_host,
Print sequence, layer by layer or object by object,
Maximum printable height which is limited by mechanism of printer,
Type of the printer,
Slic3r can upload G-code files to a printer host. This field should contain the API Key or the password required for authentication.,
Custom CA certificate file can be specified for HTTPS OctoPrint connections, in crt/pem format. If left blank, the default OS CA certificate repository is used.,
Name of the printer,
Ignore HTTPS certificate revocation checks in case of missing or offline distribution points. One may want to enable this option for self signed certificates if connection fails.,
Z gap between object and raft. Ignored for soluble interface,
Expand all raft layers in XY plane,
Density of the first raft or support layer,
Expand the first raft or support layer to improve bed plate adhesion,
Object will be raised by this number of support layers. Use this function to avoid wrapping when print ABS,
Detour and avoid to travel across wall which may cause blob on surface,
If enable this setting, part cooling fan will never be stoped and will run at least at minimum speed to reduce the frequency of starting and stoping,
Don't retract when the travel is in infill area absolutely. That means the oozing can't been seen. This can reduce times of retraction for complex model and save printing time, but make slicing and G-code generating slower,
Minimum HRC of nozzle required to print the filament. Zero means no checking of nozzle's HRC.,
G-code path is genereated after simplifing the contour of model to avoid too much points and gcode lines in gcode file. Smaller value means higher resolution and more time to slice,
When the retraction is compensated after changing tool, the extruder will push this additional amount of filament.,
The wipe speed is determined by the speed of the current extrusion role.e.g. if a wipe action is executed immediately following an outer wall extrusion, the speed of the outer wall extrusion will be utilized for the wipe action.,
Enable this to enable the camera on printer to check the quality of first layer,
In order to reduce the visibility of the seam in a closed loop extrusion, the loop is interrupted and shortened by a specified amount.\nThis amount can be specified in millimeters or as a percentage of the current extruder diameter. The default value for this parameter is 15%.,
The start position to print each part of outer wall,
Whether the machine supports silent mode in which machine use lower acceleration to print,
Distance from skirt to brim or object,
How many layers of skirt. Usually only one layer,
Number of loops for the skirt. Zero means disabling skirt,
Cracks smaller than 2x gap closing radius are being filled during the triangle mesh slicing. The gap closing operation may reduce the final print resolution, therefore it is advisable to keep the value reasonably low.,
Use \Even-odd\ for 3DLabPrint airplane models. Use \Close holes\ to close all holes in the model.,
Enable this option to slow printing speed down to make the final layer time not shorter than the layer time threshold in \Max fan speed threshold\, so that layer can be cooled for longer time. This can improve the cooling quality for needle and small details,
The printing speed in exported gcode will be slowed down, when the estimated layer time is shorter than this value, to get better cooling for these layers,
The first few layers are printed slower than normal. The speed is gradually increased in a linear fashion over the specified number of layers.,
The minimum printing speed when slow down for cooling,
This separate setting will affect the speed of perimeters having radius <= small_perimeter_threshold (usually holes). If expressed as percentage (for example: 80%) it will be calculated on the outer wall speed setting above. Set to zero for auto.,
This sets the threshold for small perimeter length. Default threshold is 0mm,
Filament to print solid infill,
Acceleration of sparse infill. If the value is expressed as a percentage (e.g. 100%), it will be calculated based on the default acceleration.,
Density of internal sparse infill, 100% means solid throughout,
Filament to print internal sparse infill.,
Line width of internal sparse infill,
Line pattern for internal sparse infill,
Speed of internal sparse infill,
Spiralize smooths out the z moves of the outer contour. And turns a solid model into a single walled print with solid bottom layers. The final generated model has no seam,
The start and end points which is from cutter area to garbage can.,
Use this setting to rotate the support pattern on the horizontal plane.,
Line pattern of support,
Spacing between support lines,
Spacing of bottom interface lines. Zero means solid interface,
The z gap between the bottom support interface and object,
Only create support for critical regions including sharp tail, cantilever, etc.,
Expand (+) or shrink (-) the horizontal span of normal support,
Filament to print support base and raft. \Default\ means no specific filament for support and current filament is used,
Filament to print support interface. \Default\ means no specific filament for support interface and current filament is used,
Cover the top contact layer of the supports with loops. Disabled by default.,
Line pattern of support interface. Default pattern for non-soluble support interface is Rectilinear, while default pattern for soluble support interface is Concentric,
Spacing of interface lines. Zero means solid interface,
Speed of support interface,
Number of top interface layers,
Line width of support,
This fan speed is enforced during all support interfaces, to be able to weaken their bonding with a high fan speed.\nSet to -1 to disable this override.\nCan only be overriden by disable_fan_first_layers.,
XY separation between an object and its support,
Don't create support on model surface, only on build plate,
Speed of support,
Style and shape of the support. For normal support, projecting the supports into a regular grid will create more stable supports (default), while snug support towers will save material and reduce object scarring.\nFor tree support, slim style will merge branches more aggressively and save a lot of material (default), while hybrid style will create similar structure to normal support under large flat overhangs.,
Support will be generated for overhangs whose slope angle is below the threshold.,
The z gap between the top support interface and object,
normal(auto) and tree(auto) is used to generate support automatically. If normal(manual) or tree(manual) is selected, only support enforcers are generated,
Material becomes soft at this temperature. Thus the heatbed cannot be hotter than this tempature,
This G-code will be used as a custom code,
Bed temperature for layers except the initial one. Value 0 means the filament does not support to print on the Textured PEI Plate,
Bed temperature of the initial layer. Value 0 means the filament does not support to print on the Textured PEI Plate,
If enabled, bridges are more reliable, can bridge longer distances, but may look worse. If disabled, bridges look better but are reliable just for shorter bridged distances.,
Picture sizes to be stored into a .gcode and .sl1 / .sl1s files, in the following format: \XxY, XxY, ...\,
If smooth or traditional mode is selected, a timelapse video will be generated for each print. After each layer is printed, a snapshot is taken with the chamber camera. All of these snapshots are composed into a timelapse video when printing completes. If smooth mode is selected, the toolhead will move to the excess chute after each layer is printed and then take a snapshot. Since the melt filament may leak from the nozzle during the process of taking a snapshot, prime tower is required for smooth mode to wipe nozzle.,
This is the number of solid layers of top shell, including the top surface layer. When the thickness calculated by this value is thinner than top shell thickness, the top shell layers will be increased,
The number of top solid layers is increased when slicing if the thickness calculated by top shell layers is thinner than this value. This can avoid having too thin shell when layer height is small. 0 means that this setting is disabled and thickness of top shell is absolutely determained by top shell layers,
This factor affects the amount of material for top solid infill. You can decrease it slightly to have smooth surface finish,
Acceleration of top surface infill. Using a lower value may improve top surface quality,
Jerk for top surface,
Line width for top surfaces,
Line pattern of top surface infill,
Speed of top surface infill which is solid,
Acceleration of travel moves,
Jerk for travel,
Speed of travel which is faster and without extrusion,
Enabling this option means the height of  tree support layer except the first will be automatically calculated ,
Enabling this option means the width of the brim for tree support will be automatically calculated,
This setting determines the maximum overhang angle that t he branches of tree support allowed to make.If the angle is increased, the branches can be printed more horizontally, allowing them to reach farther.,
This setting determines the initial diameter of support nodes.,
This setting determines the distance between neighboring tree support nodes.,
Distance from tree branch to the outermost brim line,
This setting specify the count of walls around tree support,
This setting specifies whether to add infill inside large hollows of tree support,
This experimental setting uses G10 and G11 commands to have the firmware handle the retraction. This is only supported in recent Marlin.,
Relative extrusion is recommended when using \label_objects\ option.Some extruders work better with this option unckecked (absolute extrusion mode). Wipe tower is only compatible with relative mode. It is always enabled on BambuLab printers. Default is checked,
The number of walls, counted from the center, over which the variation needs to be spread. Lower values mean that the outer walls don't change in width,
Filament to print walls,
Classic wall generator produces walls with constant extrusion width and for very thin areas is used gap-fill. Arachne engine produces walls with variable extrusion width,
Print sequence of inner wall, outer wall and infill. ,
Number of walls of every layer,
When to create transitions between even and odd numbers of walls. A wedge shape with an angle greater than this setting will not have transitions and no walls will be printed in the center to fill the remaining space. Reducing this setting reduces the number and length of these center walls, but may leave gaps or overextrude,
Prevent transitioning back and forth between one extra wall and one less. This margin extends the range of extrusion widths which follow to [Minimum wall width - margin, 2 * Minimum wall width + margin]. Increasing this margin reduces the number of transitions, which reduces the number of extrusion starts/stops and travel time. However, large extrusion width variation can lead to under- or overextrusion problems. It's expressed as a percentage over nozzle diameter,
When transitioning between different numbers of walls as the part becomes thinner, a certain amount of space is allotted to split or join the wall segments. It's expressed as a percentage over nozzle diameter,
To minimize the visibility of the seam in a closed loop extrusion, a small inward movement is executed before the extruder leaves the loop.,
The wipe speed is determined by the speed setting specified in this configuration.If the value is expressed as a percentage (e.g. 80%), it will be calculated based on the travel speed setting above.The default value for this parameter is 80%,
Contour of object will be grown or shrunk in XY plane by the configured value. Positive value makes contour bigger. Negative value makes contour smaller. This function is used to adjust size slightly when the object has assembling issue,
Holes of object will be grown or shrunk in XY plane by the configured value. Positive value makes holes bigger. Negative value makes holes smaller. This function is used to adjust size slightly when the object has assembling issue,
This value will be added (or subtracted) from all the Z coordinates in the output G-code. It is used to compensate for bad Z endstop position: for example, if your endstop zero actually leaves the nozzle 0.3mm far from the print bed, set this to -0.3 (or fix your endstop).,
Best auto arranging position in range [0,1] w.r.t. bed shape.,
Format of G-code thumbnails: PNG for best quality, JPG for smallest size, QOI for low memory firmware,
The printer cost per hour,
This option causes the inner seams to be shifted backwards based on their depth, forming a zigzag pattern.,
The number of layers on which the elephant foot compensation will be active. The first layer will be shrunk by the elephant foot compensation value, then the next layers will be linearly shrunk less, up to the layer indicated by this value.,
Search for almost-circular holes that span more than one layer and convert the geometry to polyholes. Use the nozzle size and the (biggest) diameter to compute the polyhole.\nSee http://hydraraptor.blogspot.com/2011/02/polyholes.html,
Maximum defection of a point to the estimated radius of the circle.\nAs cylinders are often exported as triangles of varying size, points may not be on the circle circumference. This setting allows you some leway to broaden the detection. \nIn mm or in % of the radius.,
Rotate the polyhole every layer.,
The angle ironing is done at. A negative number disables this function and uses the default method.,
The pattern that will be used when ironing,
The minimum wall width that should be used for the first layer is recommended to be set to the same size as the nozzle. This adjustment is expected to enhance adhesion.,
If enabled, thick internal bridges will be used. It's usually recommended to have this feature turned on. However, consider turning it off if you are using large nozzles.,
Modify the geometry to print overhangs without support material.,
Maximum area of a hole in the base of the model before it's filled by conical material. A value of 0 will fill all the holes in the model base.,
Maximum angle of overhangs to allow after making more steep overhangs printable. 90° will not change the model at all and allow any overhang, while 0 will replace all overhangs with conical material.,
Extrude perimeters that have a part over an overhang in the reverse direction on odd layers. This alternating pattern can drastically improve steep overhangs.\n\nThis setting can also help reduce part warping due to the reduction of stresses in the part walls.,
Number of mm the overhang need to be for the reversal to be considered useful. Can be a % of the perimeter width. \nValue 0 enables reversal on every odd layers regardless.,
Connect an infill line to an internal perimeter with a short segment of an additional perimeter. If expressed as percentage (example: 15%) it is calculated over infill extrusion width. Orca Slicer tries to connect two close infill lines to a short perimeter segment. If no such perimeter segment shorter than infill_anchor_max is found, the infill line is connected to a perimeter segment at just one side and the length of the perimeter segment taken is limited to this parameter, but no longer than anchor_length_max. \nSet this parameter to zero to disable anchoring perimeters connected to a single infill line.,
Connect an infill line to an internal perimeter with a short segment of an additional perimeter. If expressed as percentage (example: 15%) it is calculated over infill extrusion width. Orca Slicer tries to connect two close infill lines to a short perimeter segment. If no such perimeter segment shorter than this parameter is found, the infill line is connected to a perimeter segment at just one side and the length of the perimeter segment taken is limited to infill_anchor, but no longer than this parameter. \nIf set to 0, the old algorithm for infill connection will be used, it should create the same result as with 1000 & 0.,
Wipe tower rotation angle with respect to x-axis.,
Maximal distance between supports on sparse infill sections.,
Angle at the apex of the cone that is used to stabilize the wipe tower. Larger angle means wider base.,
Spacing of purge lines on the wipe tower.,
If enabled, the wipe tower will not be printed on layers with no toolchanges. On layers with a toolchange, extruder will travel downward to print the wipe tower. User is responsible for ensuring there is no collision with the print.,
This parameter smooths out sudden extrusion rate changes that happen when the printer transitions from printing a high flow (high speed/larger width) extrusion to a lower flow (lower speed/smaller width) extrusion and vice versa.\n\n It defines the maximum rate by which the extruded volumetric flow in mm3/sec can change over time. Higher values mean higher extrusion rate changes are allowed, resulting in faster speed transitions.\n\n A value of 0 disables the feature. \n\nFor a high speed, high flow direct drive printer (like the Bambu lab or Voron) this value is usually not needed. However it can provide some marginal benefit in certain cases where feature speeds vary greatly. For example, when there are aggressive slowdowns due to overhangs. In these cases a high value of around 300-350mm3/s2 is recommended as this allows for just enough smoothing to assist pressure advance achieve a smoother flow transition.\n\nFor slower printers without pressure advance, the value should be set much lower. A value of 10-15mm3/s2 is a good starting point for direct drive extruders and 5-10mm3/s2 for Bowden style. \n\nThis feature is known as Pressure Equalizer in Prusa slicer.\n\nNote: this parameter disables arc fitting.,
Remove small overhangs that possibly need no supports.,
Speed of internal bridge. If the value is expressed as a percentage, it will be calculated based on the bridge_speed. Default value is 150%.,
Line pattern of internal solid infill. if the detect narrow internal solid infill be enabled, the concentric pattern will be used for the small area.,
Activate temperature control,
Bed temperature,
Bed temperature initial layer,
Fan speed of printing,
Fan speed of completed,
Loading speed at the start,
Loading speed,
Unloading speed at the start,
Unloading speed,
Filament load time,
Delay after unloading,
Number of cooling moves,
Speed of the first cooling move,
Speed of the last cooling move,
Ramming parameters,
Enable accel_to_decel,
accel_to_decel,
Fan speed,
Auxiliary part cooling fan,
Show auto-calibration marks,
Bed custom model,
Bed custom texture,
Bed exclude area,
Bed temperature difference,
Before layer change G-code,
Bottom shell layers,
Bottom shell thickness,
Bottom surface flow ratio,
Bottom surface pattern,
Bridge,
Bridge infill direction,
Bridge density,
Bridge flow,
Don't support bridges,
Brim-object gap,
Brim type,
Brim width,
Chamber temperature,
Change filament G-code,
No cooling for the first,
,
Compatible machine,
Compatible machine condition,
Compatible process profiles,
Compatible process profiles condition,
Other layers,
Initial layer,
Bed type,
Normal printing,
Default color,
Default filament profile,
Default,
Default process profile,
Deretraction Speed,
Detect narrow internal solid infill,
Detect overhang wall,
Detect thin wall,
Draft shield,
Elephant foot compensation,
Arc fitting,
Force cooling for overhang and bridge,
Slow down for overhang,
Enable pressure advance,
Enable,
Enable support,
Ensure vertical shell thickness,
Exclude objects,
Extruder,
Height to lid,
Height to rod,
Radius,
Extruder Color,
Extruder offset,
Layer time,
Fan kick-start time,
Only overhangs,
Fan Speedup Time,
Color,
Price,
Density,
Diameter,
End G-code,
Flow ratio,
Support material,
Max volumetric speed,
Minimal purge on wipe tower,
Retract amount before wipe,
Extra length on restart,
Retract when change layer,
Length,
Travel distance threshold,
Retraction Speed,
Shrinkage,
Soluble material,
Start G-code,
Type,
Wipe while retracting,
Wipe Distance,
Z hop when retract,
Z hop type,
Filename format,
Filter out tiny gaps,
Flush into objects' infill,
Flush into this object,
Flush into objects' support,
Flush multiplier,
Purging volumes,
Purging volumes - load/unload volumes,
Full fan speed at layer,
Fuzzy Skin,
Fuzzy skin point distance,
Fuzzy skin thickness,
Gap infill,
Add line number,
Verbose G-code,
G-code flavor,
Label objects,
Host Type,
Independent support layer height,
Infill combination,
Infill direction,
Infill,
Infill/Wall overlap,
Inherits profile,
Initial layer infill,
Initial layer height,
Initial layer travel speed,
Inner wall,
Interface shells,
Internal bridge support thickness,
Internal solid infill,
Ironing flow,
Ironing line spacing,
Ironing speed,
Ironing Type,
Layer change G-code,
Layer height,
Pause G-code,
Filament unload time,
Max bridge length,
Max,
Avoid crossing wall - Max detour length,
Minimum wall width,
Minimum feature size,
Min,
Minimum sparse infill threshold,
Nozzle diameter,
Nozzle HRC,
Nozzle type,
Nozzle volume,
Only one wall on first layer,
Only one wall on top surfaces,
Outer wall,
(10%, 25%),
[25%, 50%),
[50%, 75%),
[75%, 100%),
Fan speed for overhang,
Cooling overhang threshold,
Classic mode,
Post-processing Scripts,
Precise wall(experimental),
Printer preset names,
Pressure advance,
Width,
Prime volume,
Hostname, IP or URL,
Device UI,
Print sequence,
Printable area,
Printable height,
Printer type,
Printer technology,
Printer variant,
API Key / Password,
Authorization Type,
HTTPS CA File,
Password,
Printer,
Ignore HTTPS certificate revocation checks,
User,
Raft contact Z distance,
Raft expansion,
Initial layer density,
Initial layer expansion,
Raft layers,
Avoid crossing wall,
Keep fan always on,
Reduce infill retraction,
Required nozzle HRC,
Resolution,
Role base wipe speed,
Scan first layer,
Seam gap,
Seam position,
Supports silent mode,
Skirt distance,
Skirt height,
Skirt loops,
Slice gap closing radius,
Slicing Mode,
Slow printing down for better layer cooling,
Number of slow layers,
Min print speed,
Small perimeters,
Small perimeters threshold,
Solid infill,
Sparse infill,
Sparse infill density,
Sparse infill pattern,
Spiral vase,
Temperature variation,
Start end points,
Pattern angle,
Base pattern,
Base pattern spacing,
Bottom interface spacing,
Bottom Z distance,
Support critical regions only,
Normal Support expansion,
Support/raft base,
Bottom interface layers,
Support/raft interface,
Interface use loop pattern,
Interface pattern,
Top interface spacing,
Support interface,
Top interface layers,
Support,
Support interface fan speed,
Support/object xy distance,
On build plate only,
Style,
Threshold angle,
Top Z distance,
Temperature of vitrificaiton,
Custom G-code,
Thick bridges,
G-code thumbnails,
Timelapse,
Top shell layers,
Top shell thickness,
Top surface flow ratio,
Top surface,
Top surface pattern,
Travel,
Adaptive layer height,
Auto brim width,
Tree support branch angle,
Tree support branch diameter,
Tree support branch distance,
Tree support brim width,
Tree support wall loops,
Tree support with infill,
upward compatible machine,
Use firmware retraction,
Use relative E distances,
Wall distribution count,
Walls,
Wall generator,
Order of inner wall/outer wall/infil,
Wall loops,
Wall transitioning threshold angle,
Wall transitioning filter margin,
Wall transition length,
Wipe on loops,
Wipe speed,
X-Y contour compensation,
X-Y hole compensation,
Z offset,
Best object position,
Format of G-code thumbnails,
Time Cost,
Staggered inner seams,
Elephant foot compensation layers,
Convert holes to polyholes,
Polyhole detection margin,
Polyhole twist,
Ironing angle,
Ironing Pattern,
First layer minimum wall width,
Thick internal bridges,
Make overhangs printable,
Make overhangs printable - Hole area,
Make overhangs printable - Maximum angle,
Extra perimeters on overhangs,
Reverse on odd,
Reverse threshold,
Sparse infill anchor length,
Maximum length of the infill anchor,
Wipe tower rotation angle,
Maximal bridging distance,
Stabilization cone apex angle,
Wipe tower purge lines spacing,
No sparse layers (EXPERIMENTAL),
Extrusion rate smoothing,
Remove small overhangs,
Internal,
Internal solid infill pattern,
